Hello everyone and welcome to your first interview problem for the tree section of the Course.
This is called binary search tree.
Check problems statements are actually quite simple.
All it is is given a binary tree check whether it's a binary search tree or not.
So again you can refer to your lectures or even just a quick Google search on what's the difference
between a binary tree and a binary search tree is as far as the solution.
There's no actual testor solution.
So in the interview problem note book.
And that's because of the nature of the question.
Having a testing cell but basically give away the answer.
In this case just worry about your code making sense logically.
A quick hint you may want to think about tree traversals and how that would be effected if it was a
binary search tree or not.
You can go in and fill out your solution below.
One quick note.
This is the classic interview problem so feel free to just google search validate BSD.
For more information on this problem.
After you've had a go at it and one more thing I wanted to point out is just when you're writing your
function as far as how to go about essentially simulating the tree you can just hop over to Jupiter
.
Note book does something like this.
You can say the if your solution and let's say it takes in a tree.
As far as logically speaking you can just do assumptions like this tree that right child or whatever
you want to call it to say what the right branch of that tree is.
You can say that right.
Tree left and the tree the value or a vowel etc..
So the reason why I'm not being very specific on how I want you to format the input of your solution
is because in an interview setting they're going to basically expect you to almost pseudo code this
out but with the right syntax.
So they're not usually going to give you a complete structure for what the tree looks like or how to
check the nodes.
You can just go ahead and assume on your own the various methods you would be able to call off that
tree.
You can go ahead and look back at the implementation lectures to see what methods we had.
OK as far as the actual problem here is just write a function that would be able to take in a binary
tree and check whether it's a binary search tree or not.
Again we're just looking for your code to make sense logically.
Maybe think about tree traversals but just fill out some code below that would look a function something
like this.
And then in this case it would return some sort of boolean true or false right depending if it was a
binary search tree or not.
All right.
Well that all being said.
Best of luck and index structure will go over the solutions to this problem.
Thanks and I'll see you there.